fix: auth value for android API 34 (#1055)
fluttercandies/flutter_photo_manager: CHANGELOG.md

To know more about breaking changes, see the [Migration Guide][].

## 3.0.0-dev.5

> - Fix: the requestPermissionExtend method returns the wrong result on android API 34.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixes

- Fix `requestPermissionExtend` returns the incorrect status on Android API 34.
```

Author: The same tag will affect the generation of markdown toc and trigger markdown lints. I personally do not recommend using multiple identical secondary headers.

Author: Although, I turned off this lint, the repeated headers have a negative effect on toc generation.

https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/v0.32.1/doc/md024.md

Reviewer: Well, we don't need a TOC for the CHANGELOG. :D
